docs(cx-layout): Brand.com (CX) Header (#1406) (#1410)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/cx-layout/doc/Header.md

# CX Header Component

The CX Header Component provides a header with the following elements:

- Logo
- Menu
- Search
- Language Button

For Mobile and Tablet layouts, the Menu and Search elements have "togglers," opening and closing a
larger element in the interest of conserving screen real estate.

## Content Editor Details

There is no interaction by the Content Editor with the Header Component itself, only with components
within it.

By default, the editable components include:

- Logo
- Menu

> ## Site Builder Details
> 
> From a Site Builder perspective, CX Header (`cxHeader`) is a token collection — not a component. You
> can use the default CX Header token (`cxHeader.Default`) as is, or you can recompose it to meet your
> site's requirements.

Reviewer: I've added an example usage:

````suggestion
## Site Builder Details

From a Site Builder perspective, CX Header is comprised of a token collection (`cxHeader`) and a
Header component (`HeaderClean`). You can use the default CX Header token (`cxHeader.Default`) as is,
or you can recompose it to meet your site's requirements.

### Usage
```tsx
import React, { FC } from 'react';
import { cxHeader, HeaderClean } from '@bodiless/cx-layout';
import { as } from '@bodiless/fclasses';
import { withNode, withNodeKey } from '@bodiless/core';
import { SiteWrapper, ContentWrapper } from './wrapperComponents';

const Header = as(
  // You can compose or create a new header token
  // from scratch, but we'll use the default one here.
  cxHeader.Default,
  // Apply a node to the header so inner nodes
  // are organized into its namespace.
  withNode,
  withNodeKey('header'),
)(HeaderClean);

const Layout: FC = ({ children }) => (
  <SiteWrapper>
    <Header />
    <ContentWrapper>
      {children}
    </ContentWrapper>
  </SiteWrapper>
);

export default Layout;
```
````

# CX Header Component

The CX Header Component provides a header with the following elements:

- Logo
- Menu
- Search
- Language Button

For Mobile and Tablet layouts, the Menu and Search elements have "togglers," opening and closing a
larger element in the interest of conserving screen real estate.

## Content Editor Details

There is no interaction by the Content Editor with the Header Component itself, only with components
within it.

By default, the editable components include:

- Logo
- Menu

## Site Builder Details

> You can use the CX Header Component (`cxHeader`) as is, or you can compose the tokens into a new

Reviewer 2: Strictly speaking `cxHeadder` is not a componet but a token collection.  So maybe this should be more like. You can use the default CX header token (cxHeader.Default) as is, or recompose it to meet your sites requirements". But anyway, this section is pretty thin. @hvanyo  what is your thought here - will we provide more in depth, step-by-step instructions for activating the header later?

Author: @wodenx Updated.

As far as this section being thin, the CanvasX Header doc is equally thin — which is what I had hoped to borrow from.
I'll want to work with the devs on making sure that the "Site Builder Details" for all the incoming CX packages get fleshed out.
@hvanyo Should we set up a ticket of some kind to keep track of the cracks we'll need to fill in as the CX packages get added?

header to meet your site's requirements.

## Architectural Details

The CX Header Component provides a `<header>` element wrapper around the following elements:

> ```tsx

Reviewer 2: Do we want to maintain this here, or should we just link to the code?  I"m worried about this getting out of date.  cc @hvanyo  @misterjones

Author: @wodenx I've updated this to link to `HeaderClean.tsx` instead.
